Public preview for MDE behind proxy. (#612)
MicrosoftDocs/CloudAppSecurityDocs: CloudAppSecurityDocs/mde-integration.md

  - [Cloud-delivered protection enabled](/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/enable-cloud-protection-microsoft-defender-antivirus)
  - [Network protection enabled and configured to block mode](/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/enable-network-protection)

> [!NOTE]

> The ability to perform Cloud Disocvery when Defender for Endpoint is deployed behind a proxy is in public preview. To do so, please make sure Defender for Endpoint is in **Active** mode (see here how to check it: [Microsoft Defender Antivirus in Windows | Microsoft Docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/microsoft-defender-antivirus-windows?view=o365-worldwide#comparing-active-mode-passive-mode-and-disabled-mode)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ability to perform Cloud Discovery when Defender for Endpoint is deployed behind a proxy is in public preview. To use it, make sure Defender for Endpoint is in **Active** mode. as explained here: [Comparing active mode, passive mode, and disabled mode](/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/microsoft-defender-antivirus-windows#comparing-active-mode-passive-mode-and-disabled-mode).
```
